what's up guys i am DCP 1293 and today
i'm going to show you my gaming computer
I kind of did some changes to it that's
why i haven't uploaded in like a week
butcha you can see in there i kind of
been had that the 660ti that was beast I
love it I got me eight gigs of ram only
16 gigs of ram running running on this
beast now I also got me a nice SSD as
well just get this open well yeah it's
kind of a right state in there right now
but still it's yeah you get the point
but I got me and that's SSD in there now
120 gigabytes so that's pretty beast I
me I think that's a one terabyte right
there and under it is a 1.5 so not bad
that's my black magic intensity Peru
love that beast it when it works that is
like Sulochana freezer / 07 cpu cooler
if you guys need good cool and get that
unless you have water cooling but alex
has issues of water cooling sometimes
see x600 power supply some fans all
around just beast that thing needs to be
clean doesn't it I'll get to later
whatever external drive but um yeah also
got this g930 riderless giving us it
would these be charged oopsy reinstalled
my pc put windows 8 on it last night
since we got the SSD this computer is
like rapid now loads up like that so
yeah I love that thing whoo receiver for
g930 I'm bed also I didn't show you this
the ipad i just got the ipad 2 i didn't
want any newer version there's no point
to waste of money to be honest but yeah
let's god i need to update this thing
yeah just what i got the nice beast love
it um let's pretty much it i really
wanted to
you guys so yeah I also got me a pop
filter for that beast as well I I yeah I
don't have much money let's just say
that now so yeah if you guys enjoyed
this please leave a like let me know and
uh i will have more videos up soon
probably the same day this this video
comes out so yeah pace guys